---
date: '2022-07-17'
title: '첫 포스트[한국어]'
categories: ['daily', 'KOR']
summary: '제 블로그를 소개합니다!'
thumbnail: './First.png'
---

### 1. Why did I started bloging?

Since I started my career in CS field, I noticed that our brain has it's own limit to save new informations.
More and more I learn and get in touch with the newest technologies, I felt that I'm forgetting some basic or even important things.
Furthermore, I am now entering University (TU Munich) so I think now is the best timing.

Thus, I always tried to make my own blog, (especially in TypeScript because you know, TS is now THE language.. :D )
to save my knowledge and make some good connections with other experts. :)


### 2. Contents of my Blog

I am a Korean, so some of my Posts are in Korean and some others in English.
So this blog is going to be a bilingual blog.

The big categories in my blog are :

1. Computer Science (short. CS), including Major Subjects in CS Bachelor of Science
2. Algorithm, including PS for Baekjoon(Korean), LeetCode(English), CodeForces(English)
3. App Development and my Projects (short. Project)
4. Cyber Security (short. C-Sec), including OS(Ubuntu, Kali) and Network
5. My Daily life (short. daily)

### 3. Welcome!

I am still working on this blog, so there will be continueously updates!
You can visit my SNS or Github, you can find links for them pretty easily.

If you want to contact me, please use the "Contact" menu.

Sincerely, Hosan Lee.

---

## Source

- Hosan Lee!
- Powered by Gatsby, VS Code... and lots of other DEV-Tools :)

