---
date: '2022-07-12'
before : '2022-07-12'
after : '2022-07-13'
title: 'My first post'
categories: ['Daily', 'ENG']
summary: 'Greetings! :) Welcome to my blog'
thumbnail: './First.png'
---

### 1. Why did I started bloging?

As I progressed in my career in the field of Computer Science, I realized that our brains have a limit when it comes to retaining new information. The more I learned and explored emerging technologies, the more I found myself forgetting even fundamental concepts. Now that I’m beginning my studies at the Technical University of Munich (TUM), I feel that this is the perfect time to start documenting my journey.

That’s why I created this blog—especially in TypeScript (because, let’s be honest, TS is the language now! 😆). This space serves as my personal knowledge base while also helping me connect with like-minded experts in the field.


### 2. Contents of my Blog

This blog chronicles my journey through the world of cybersecurity as I navigate my studies at TUM. You’ll find a mix of posts in both Korean and English, reflecting my experiences as a Korean student on the path to becoming an ethical hacker.

My goal is to document my learning process, share insights, and discuss the challenges I encounter while working toward certifications like the Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP). Whether you're interested in ethical hacking, cybersecurity techniques, or academic life at TUM, I hope to provide valuable content that bridges both languages and cultures.

Expect to see:
✅ Tutorials and tips on cybersecurity
✅ Ethical hacking insights
✅ My experiences and study techniques
✅ Reflections on university life at TUM

Join me as I dive into the ever-evolving world of cybersecurity, share my knowledge, and contribute to the global conversation on digital security. Whether you're a fellow student, a cybersecurity enthusiast, or simply curious about the field, I hope you find my posts both informative and engaging.

### 3. Welcome!

This blog is a work in progress, and I’ll continue updating it regularly. You can also check out my social media and GitHub—you’ll find the links easily on this site.

If you’d like to reach out, feel free to use the Contact menu.

Looking forward to connecting with you!

Sincerely,
*Hosan Lee*

---

## Source

- Me!
- Powered by Gatsby, VS Code... and lots of other DEV-Tools

